Improve vagrant tests (#944)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: tests/README.md

# Helm template tests

To add test for new template file, please create new directory with given structure:

```text
example_test/  # Test set name
├── config.sh  # Configuration file
└── static  # Test cases
    ├── test_name.input.yaml  # Input configuration for test_name
    └── test_name.output.yaml  # Output configuration for test_name
```

## Configuration file

> `config.sh` should contain `TEST_TEMPLATE` env variable, which should point to the helm template
> name, e.g. for `deploy/helm/sumologic/templates/configmap.yaml` it will be `templates/configmap.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`config.sh` should export `TEST_TEMPLATE` env variable, which should point to the helm template
file name, e.g. for `deploy/helm/sumologic/templates/configmap.yaml` it will be `templates/configmap.yaml`:
```

```bash

> TEST_TEMPLATE="templates/configmap.yaml`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TEST_TEMPLATE="templates/configmap.yaml"
```

?
